## Default Constructor C++
   * In C++, class methods are automatically generated by the compiler, under what circumstances, and what is their access protection and signature? Explain why you may not want to provide your own implementations of these methods:

      * The default constructor (when do you don't declare it yourself) has a public attribute.

      * The compiler will also automatically implicitly create a public copy constructor and copy assignment operator. (Paragraph 12.1.5 C++ standard)
        * Compiler generates move constructor if:
          * no user-defined copy constructor
          * no user-defined copy assignment constructor
          * no user-defined copy assignment operator
          * no user-defined move assignment operator
          * no user declared-desructor.
          * no "delete" marking

      * If the class definition does not explicitly declare a copy assignment operator, one is declared implicitly. If so, then the copy/move assignment operator is an inline public member.

      * The default constructor is one without arguments usually. You can also define user-defined constructors with function overloading and the constructors can co-exist together.
      Infinite number of constructors can be defined
      as long each has a unique signature(number & type of parameters) The default one has no argument.

      *
## Reference: https://pastebin.com/3AezR328
## Reference: https://www


"""
The default constructor is auto-generated if there is no user-declared constructor (§12.1/5).
The copy constructor is auto-generated if there is no user-declared move constructor or move assignment operator (because there are no move constructors or move assignment operators in C++03, this simplifies to "always" in C++03) (§12.8/8).
The copy assignment operator is auto-generated if there is no user-declared move constructor or move assignment operator (§12.8/19).
The destructor is auto-generated if there is no user-declared destructor (§12.4/4).
C++0x only:

The move constructor is auto-generated if there is no user-declared copy constructor, copy assignment operator or destructor, and if the generated move constructor is valid (e.g. if it wouldn't need to assign constant members) (§12.8/10).
The move assignment operator is auto-generated if there is no user-declared copy constructor, copy assignment operator or destructor, and if the generated move assignment operator is valid (e.g. if it wouldn't need to assign constant members) (§12.8/21).
"""
